RTP and COYOTE VADIO
presents
SUNSET
Love comes at Night
End the exploitation!
What's going on, Eduardo?
What are these screams?
I don't know.
It seems to be the workers.
What the hell is going on?
My God!
It's the end of the world!
What's going on, Maria da Piedade?
It's an uprising.
- An uprising?
- It's like the 25th of April.
But without sideburns.
- I'll go outside.
- Eduardo!
Please, be careful.
Put on your slippers.
Of course.
- Don't get out of here.
- No.
Lock the door
and if something happens to me,
my password to the IRS website
is José Cid, all in lowercase.
Blessed Virgin Mary.
Please don't let
any harm happen here.
Good Lord of cherries,
protect him.
Calm down.
Stay calm.
End the exploitation!
Stop!
I won't say this again.
Stop this.
The first one to get inside
the boss' house
will end up like this pigeon.
You're in this with them.
You're getting money for this.
Explain us how did you get the money
to buy a convertible car.
- I won't say this again: stop!
- What's going on here?
We're tired of being exploited.
We're tired.
And we're tired of not getting Wi-Fi
on the cherry field.
Wi-Fi on the cherry field!
- Wi-Fi on the cherry field!
- You're ungrateful!
If the boss hadn't given you a job,
you'd still be selling Herbal Life.
This is a provocation.
Lower your gun, António.
Calm down.
Whatever it is that you want,
we can talk it through.
Talk about what?
I'm 56 years old
and I've never had a credit card.
- 56 years old!
Shut up!
Get out of here!
This is Santarém!
And only an uprising can solve this.
That's it!
My God.
What have I done?
Stop it! Stop!
- Santarém?
- That's what the scientist told me.
The wicker from the basket
where I was found only exists there.
That means you're...
It means my family is from Santarém
and I'm "Santarese".
You're "Santariorker".
No, it's "Santarenian".
- Shouldn't it be "Santarenic"?
- I'll check online.
It doesn't matter, Raul.
Listen, whatever it is,
I have great news for you.
Did you manage to get José Cid
to get naked for the cover?
- Even better.
- Sérgio Godinho?
I found out a laboratory
specialised in orphan's DNA.
- Are you serious?
- I just need your DNA.
I didn't bring my DNA today.
- So?
It all ended well, miss Madalena.
Yes, but I had to compromise.
Health insurance for all of them,
eleventh month payment
and tickets
to Anjos' Christmas Concert.
Do we have money for all of that?
Calm down.
Don't start spiralling again.
I'd love to say we do,
but, unfortunately,
after my investment
in that pit radar...
Pit radar?
Yes, it's for us to be sure
that the cherries don't have pits.
I wonder how this rebellion started.
- Having a rough morning?
- You're a vulture, Simão.
You only show up
when you smell trouble.
Are you insinuating that I incited
this rebellion, Eduardo?
If you are, just say it.
- I'm saying it.
- Say it.
- Really say it.
- I'm really saying it.
- No.
Can you stop fighting?
Can we be a normal family
with real problems?
Bank loans, cars without GPS,
water infiltrations in the kitchen.
Sir, Mr. Ruca's here.
Mr. Ruca?
Why do you need your lawyer,
Eduardo?
Come here!
If I wanted to be groped
I'd ride the metro to Moscavide.
You know you like it.
I like it au naturel, like prawns,
it's not with blue pills.
- Are there still mackerels?
- You only think about eating.
Come help me hang the laundry.
Did I hurt anyone?
Come on.
I don't have all day.
Give me the pegs.
You should've seen your sparrow
singing at the Solar do Banhadas.
The brits were all trembling.
You sing well,
but you don't make me happy.
Gorete, your bitch is in heat,
go get it!
This month, with the tips I'm getting,
we'll go to Alcântara and eat crab.
Save that money to buy the camera
you promised your stepson.
Gorete, go get your bitch.
She has four dogs on top of her.
Why does Raul need the camera?
He has a phone
with a hell of a camera.
Take care of the boy, Tó Mané.
He loves you like a father.
What do you want?
I almost fell.
Me?
Us.
You're more than his mother.
Are you crazy?
Tó Mané.
No one can know
that I'm not his real mother.
Did you hear me?
This stays between us.
I know and you also know
that my lips are sealed.
Sealed with liqueur.
Your breath stinks.
Gorete!
Your bitch plays both fields.
She's on top of another bitch.
What a tramp.
Gorete!
Goddamn it.
Sunset
Where is she going?
A heart sigh, Eduardo?
Yes.
And I only have six months to live.
My only hope is finding
a compatible donor, but you know me.
I don't like searching for stuff.
I don't know what to say, Eduardo.
Tell me the lottery numbers.
I haven't checked them yet.
Seven, eleven,
twenty-seven, twenty-eight...
I'm sorry.
Eleven, twenty-eight...
- The last one?
- Twenty-eight.
Fifty and the stars
are three and five.
Nothing.
Well, moving on.
Mr. Ruca, I asked you to come
because I want to donate my goods.
And have you thought about
how you're distributing them?
Not yet.
But I want to give the necklace
of São Cajó to my daughter, Matilde.
The necklace of São Cajó?
The one that has been in the family
for over 3500 years?
Yes, that one.
The necklace of São Cajó?
Who's there?
It's the mail!
Awesome rehearsal.
- It was so-so.
- Kick-ass.
I don't know why no one
has ever hired us to perform.
What do you mean?
We play here on the weekends.
Yes, but we don't get paid.
Lourenço,
you've been very negative.
It's almost as if you've organised
an uprising in the estate.
Don't say that, do you hear me?
Don't say that.
- It wasn't me.
- I know, but he does Jiu-jitsu.
- Chill, Lourenço.
- Breathe, calm down.
Yeah.
Lourenço's right.
We don't get paid
and I need the money.
Every day I go get food
at the food bank against famine.
Against hunger.
No, against famine.
It's only for vegans and it's great!
They give us a bag of linseed,
roots and cork rolls.
Lourenço, want a massage?
You need to relax a bit.
You're super tense.
If you want to relax,
I have something really good.
Dude, what have we said
about drugs?
I don't want drugs in the group.
Drugs are bad for society.
Just take a look at 9/11.
You agree with everything he says.
What do drugs
have to do with 9/11?
Everything.
You need to read more.
I don't need to read.
I only need my guitar.
Take a look at my brother.
He read a lot to be a nurse
and he didn't find a job in Portugal.
He had to go to Almada.
Stop being nerds.
What's going on?
Miss Filipa
says I do everything wrong.
Carla, don't be like that.
Just yesterday
you served me a great decaf.
Am I only good for that?
I had training in multinational
leadership in the field of robotics.
Carla, organise this by date,
value and paper weight.
Of course.
You need to value yourself more.
You're a beautiful
and independent woman.
You have a payments app.
It's true.
You need to believe in yourself.
For example, how many girls your age
have made out with José Cid?
I don't even remember it that well.
I was drunk.
Listen to me.
You need to believe more in yourself.
Don't give up on yourself.
Thank you, Raul.
Organise these papers for me, okay?
By the way, Carla,
organise this as well.
Are you sure you want to give
your best horse to António?
Yes.
António deserves Testicle.
I know he'll treat him right
and they have similar stories.
Despite the difficulties,
António got where he is.
And Testicle became
the best racing horse in the world,
despite having just one testicle.
Maybe it's related.
Maybe it is more aerodynamic.
No...
It's his fire.
He holds the record
for the fastest lap
in the Track of Estoril.
Very well, if that's what you want,
I'll send you the papers tomorrow.
Thank you, Mr. Ruca.
Thank you, Eduardo.
- Miss Matilde.
- Mr. Ruca.
- Matilde.
- Father.
- You wanted to speak to me?
- Yes, sit down.
What's going on?
You look so serious.
My daughter,
I've decided to give you
the most precious asset
this family possesses.
The recipe for duck with rice?
No, that's for a guy that once helped
me change a tire in Abrantes.
He had a limp, but was energetic.
Then, what is it?
I can't guess.
The necklace of São Cajó.
The one that has been in our family
for more than 3500 years.
Yes, Matilde.
You're the new guardian
of the Linhaça de Bourbon's necklace.
What's wrong with you, father?
Simão.
These dates
are getting more intense.
Two hours behind closed doors.
What was my brother doing
with Dr. Ruca?
I need to shower.
It's the fourth time this week
I get home to my husband
while smelling like whiskey.
There's something going on
in this house.
I have to find out what.
Can I help, Simão?
Not with this, Constança.
But I need to ask you for a favour.
- Want me dress like Rosinha again?
- Good idea, but no.
As the vet of the estate,
you have access to the horses, right?
Yes, but why do you ask?
Thanks to my contacts in Dubai,
I found an experimental serum
that makes horses run backwards.
Run backwards?
But then...
They'll lose all their value.
Exactly.
Tomorrow, you'll inject that serum
in the most valuable horse
of the Pôr do Sol Estate:
the Testicle.
Where have you been, Lourenço?
Me?
I was at my band's rehearsal.
Your band?
And that band keeps you fed?
Not now, but one day it will.
You'll see.
I'll be more famous than José Cid.
Than José Cid?
José Cid has concerts in Spain!
Don't be ridiculous.
I don't understand
why you don't believe in me.
To make a man out of you.
Why am I not a man?
Because I play guitar?
Because I don't walk naked
around the house like you?
Because you do everything
except what's really important.
Did you know we had an uprising
in the estate?
I was hit with a cherry pit
in this eye.
- Dad...
- Get off of me.
Are you alright?
If you were really worried,
you would have been next to me.
You would have grabbed my riffle.
You would have made me
turkey ham sandwiches,
so that I don't mess up my diet.
I'm so sorry, dad.
I'm sorry.
If I find out
who was the bastard
that started the uprising,
I'll gut him.
I'll cut everything out.
All of him.
What's going on, my lady?
It's 5 pm and you're still in bed.
Come on.
The Sun's so beautiful.
The wind's warm.
And Alcino's son has his shirt off.
- What's wrong?
- Let me be, Maria da Piedade.
I don't want to see anyone.
Just bring me a Gameboy
and let me be.
My lady,
you know your depression
makes you feel bad sometimes.
But you have to resist
and move on.
Move on?
Yes.
Just take a look at Agostinho.
He lost a leg
and learned how to dance samba.
He has been on "Praça da Alegria"
and everything.
You don't understand.
No one understands me.
I have a secret
that has been eating me up
for 30 years
and that doesn't let me be happy.
Calm down.
Don't be upset.
I think I know how to help you.
No one can help me,
Maria da Piedade.
I've tried going to shrinks,
meditating,
voluntary work with the deaf,
but nothing gets me rid of this pain.
Don't cry, my lady.
Look,
I was also very upset
when Anselmo Ralph left "The Voice".
But then,
I managed to get over it.
But how?
How?
With the help of my church,
the Church of Thingy All Mighty.
I've never been a woman of faith.
Maybe that's the problem.
But, you know,
I've learned that it's never too late.
I just want to be happy.
Happy like the Dalai Lama
or João Baião.
Am I asking for too much?
Sunset
That sassy brit.
I said: "You don't pay? I'll make
your teeth fly to your forehead."
Did you hear me, clown?
- Hey.
- Hey what? I'm talking to you.
You don't pay attention to me.
What's that?
You've been staring at it all night.
It's DNA.
Shut up.
Last time, I got so high on that...
Nando, it's DNA.
It's information about who we are.
Why do I tell you this?
You only finished fourth grade.
- But I have a Master's in tongues.
- Yeah, you do.
We learn nothing from you.
Serafim, bring us two beers.
Tell me what that is.
It's so that Filipa can find out
who her parents are.
Filipa...
If she ever wants kids
instead of parents...
Nando, what's this?
Madragoa?
It is!
Am I talking to you?
Testicle.
Testicle, sometimes it seems
only you understand me.
One day, I'll buy you.
When I'm famous.
You'll never have to run again.
And you'll have the life you deserve.
Rest, love and another mare.
Things won't always be like this.
I figured you'd be here.
Matilde?
What are you doing here?
How did you know I'd be here?
At this hour, you'd either be here
or playing darts at the bar.
I don't feel like playing darts.
We either feel it
or it isn't worth playing.
What's going on?
Why are you avoiding me?
I'm not.
I just got a lot of work.
Don't lie to me.
I saw you taking a nap in the well.
- Are you stalking me?
- Lourenço, what's going on?
Is it your father?
- He'll never accept our love.
- But why?
Why, Matilde?
He's from a different generation,
one that thinks employees
don't date their bosses,
that you only go
to the beach in the morning
and that cars have to warm up.
- No.
He knows something we don't.
And we know something
he doesn't know.
That we love each other.
No.
We better not.
It has to be.
I had oysters for dinner
and I can't control myself.
António, I've changed your sheets.
And I left a vegetable pot-stew
on your bedside table,
in case you get hungry
during the night.
Maria da Piedade,
what would I do without you?
If at least you were pretty,
I'd probably make you a happy woman.
But since you're not...
You can't drink
without sating absurd things.
- Give me that.
- Where are you taking my glass?
It's enough for today.
Wash the olive trees tomorrow,
there's a magazine crew coming.
- Excuse me, mister António.
- What are you doing here?
Have you skinned all the blackbirds?
Yes, that's done.
But you wanted me to find out
who started this uprising and I did.
- Tell me, come on.
- It was...
Maria da Piedade is one of us.
You can speak freely.
Well, mister António,
it was your son who organised this.
It was Lourenço.
Lourenço?
Your son?
My son?
Lourenço?
- Lourenço.
- Your son?
My son?
Lourenço?
Lourenço.
It was Lourenço!
Translation and Subtitling
LILIANA ANDRADE
RTP - Production